A Tirade Against Vista, Norton, Logitech, Et Alia
Published on December 19, 2007.
I got my mom a new Inspiron 531S from Dell, and I’m setting it up right now.
Okay, actually, I just sorta got the computer when I bought my 24-inch monitor, and my mom needed a computer, so I brought it over.
It has Windows Vista installed.
I haven’t really ever used Vista, but I’ve been bombarded with frustration since roughtly 8:30am, so enjoy my stream of consciousness tirade while I get my mom’s computer working the way it should!
Vista: Get your act together, man!
You know the first thing that happened after my mom created her admin account?
“Windows Explorer is not responding, do you want to [end process] [wait] [uninstall Vista].”
I would’ve chosen the tertiary, if it had existed.
Dell: What’s up with all this crap pre-installed on my system?
I don’t want Google Toolbar or Google Desktop!
I don’t want random Dell crap using my resources, I don’t want…
Norton Internet Security: WTF!?
You’ll protect my mom’s computer for 30 days?
And then stop protecting it?
This seriously amounts to some kind of extortion.
And why does it take 10 years to finally uninstall all of you!? And…
Vista: Why do you need my permission to do anything and everything!?
Would you like my permission to change contexts?
Load up the kernel?
Reference and dereference memory?
Because I could hit “okay” all day if you wanted me to.
Okay, I’ve disabled this in the control panel.
Yet I needed to restart to get it to work.
Though when I restarted, Vista decided to install a bunch of security updates without asking me first.
Hey, Vista, don’t assume I have all day to wait for you to install these security holes that you shouldn’t have shipped with in the first place!
Oh man, I’m getting angry… At least it didn’t just restart randomly, like my own desktop has been doing lately (I disabled that, too).
Okay, so now stuff is sort of working properly.
Except that Vista is actually slower than XP was before.
Or maybe it’s this AMD chip that’s somehow found its way into my mom’s computer.
(Full disclosure, my mom works at Intel).
Well, now to install some drivers, like the…
LOGITECH KEYBOARD AND MOUSE DRIVERS: WHY THE FUCK DO YOU TAKE UP 53.1MB!?
SERIOUSLY, ARE YOU A MULTIMEDIA EXTRAVAGANZA!?
AND NO, I DON’T WANT TO INSTALL YAHOO TOOLBAR!!!
To be continued…